I don't like this phone. Apple iphone performance has decreased drastically. Low battery backup video recording on 4k resolution is bad.Worst for gaming(PubG) but best for general use.
Too much worse phone.it feel like i bought cheaap android phone. To much getting hot while playing games. Lag to much. Totally waste of money.plz dont buy this phone.go for android.apps getting crash while opening.
Phone is hanging, some apps crashed on it's own, problem in connectivity of wifi and hotspot.
Highly disappointed with the performance.
I bought it in big billion day sale, now I doubt about the authenticity of the product.
Poor performance.Hangs a lot. Every app hangs.Purchased it for BGMI game just 10 days and lagging like 3 years used android...lot of heating.battery backup is also bad..really feeling bad man... 62k is a huge sum for me.
I just buy this one and thought it is iPhone and it's never will heat and performance will be top notch but I was totally wrong. My new iPhone is heating up too much and performance also not good even it's storage is empty. Overall I think we should spent 30k on Android which is better than from a 60k iPhone.
Battery backup is worse compared to previous ios devices although the specifications got higher mah.
Surprise lagging issues and battery drains fast too.Phone was dead within 20 days span after I bought it in the sale. Hardware issues inside the mobile. Service centre people were changing the entire mother board. Don't purchase any electronic items from Flipkart sale. The myth is true.
Phone hanging Problem. Hang problem.his phone is defective send to me and very poor performance also heating and voice not clear also its not giveng proper signal.
10k worth phone, selling at 60k. Very bad Display and performance. Not worthy to buy..Receiving speaker hardware issue found in 7 days..Superb Camera.I switch to ios from android after 10 years so this review might help for migrators

It’s been a month using the iPhone13 and this was my experience

1. Design - its simple and no nonsense design . Expect white and pink rest of the colours are fingerprint magnets. I have seen all the colours and I highly recommend the pink . It’s so light pink which makes it not girlish. See it for yourself it really looks so premium in light pink colour.

For rest of it except white the aluminium frame will catch scratches overtime so make your decision accordingly

2. Screen - I know it’s the most hated part for iPhone lineup. It was little bit awkward to adjust in initial days as I came from notchless androids. But trust me after just 10 days you won’t even realise it’s there . Honestly it’s not a big deal . The screen is 1200 nits bright enough for day light and it’s super responsive and crisp. Also it has the best PPI in the market.

I came from 120 hz screen and for me it was a compromise for 60hz but apple has optimised it so well that I stopped missing 120hz after few days . Still I wish apple would have added to justify the price.

3. Camera - I don’t have to share or comment here for this part . Apple has the best camera in any phone . Period. It’s super reliable and performs like a charm. I am still exploring all the options and tricks to use it in its best capabilities.

4. iOS - finally ad and bloatware free UI. Coming from android there is no doubt that ios is so simple , elegant and easy to use . For me security and UI experience is more important than customisation so I don’t even need to have impractical features like font change or always on screen or app logo themes .

Its simple , fast and keeps your app in memory even for months . Ram management of iOS is the best in industry

5. Battery - apple has finally fixed one of the major issue with iPhones . 13 line up finally convinced me switch to apple. I am a very heavy user with almost spending 11 hours a day on phone. With my usage it’s easily giving me 7-7.5 hours screen on time . With light to medium usage it’s exceeding even 8.5 hours screen on time which is commendable .

Yes , it’s still 20w charger but it will charge 0-80 in 50 min and 30 min charge will given you 50% juice . Don’t fall in the hype of fast charging . Faster the charging time hazardous to its battery life

My strong suggestion always charge your iPhone13 around 80-90% in your daily usage . Get a 5w charger and charge your phone overnight . Slow charging will keep your battery health in good shape for a long time.
I hope my detail review will help users .
Awesome battery backup amazing camera, a all day batter backup improved and brilliant IOs 16.1 oled display dolby speakers and lot more, just close your eyes and go for it. One of the best handy smartphones ever and in great discount given by flipkart in big billion days .
Just amazing.Awesome phone Excellent camera quality. Pros-rear Camera is awesome.
double speaker sound equal loud and base is superb display superb. Design also good.
Battery back up superb.Cons-front camera is good not awesome After switching from android you feel one minus point is the display notch .
Best phone available at this price point.
Camera is comparable with entry level DSLR(marvellous dynamic range)
The performance is unmatchable.Shifted to iOS after 10 years of premium android smartphones.
Go for it without any second thought.I upgraded to 13 from xs and my experience with this had been extraordinary .
The user interface and the camera is too good .Just in love with this extraordinary device .I just shared some photos
clicked from this phone so that everyone can have an idea about how good the camera is compared all other flagship
devices . The lens inside the device is so efficient that it automatically reduces the noise in the picture making it
very crisp and clear .